scratch.md, before:

S3 bucket name: foodiefriend-bucket

28/04
-made changes in navbar and added new template in templates for recs

-made changes in views for recs

-made changes in urls to add new recs page

==============================================================================================

todo:

==last==
-new signup auth email (last)
-change email functionality (need to send email validation)
-edit / save toggle functionality to update the forms on the front end
==end==

==testing==
-make sure when users check each others profile, they should see only what they should see and can't do what they shouldn't (make sure they can't access stuff in the address bar of another profile)
-make sure when users check each others messages, they should see only what they should see and can't do what they shouldn't (make sure they can't access stuff in the address bar of another message profile)
-make sure when users check each others photos, they should see only what they should see and can't do what they shouldn't (make sure they can't access stuff in the address bar of another users photos)
-check if user needs to be logged in to access that resource first and then if it actually exisits - do this to make sure all 404s are handled
-==end==




git rm --cached */__pycache__/* - remove pycache from tracked files

==========================================================
today:

1. outgoing messages should show in the senders messages page
2. make sure messages can be removed in message template
3. make sure when names are entered in the signup form , we save it in the db as capitalized x
4. show / hide friend count
5. add styles to sign out page
6. add blank page to friend_requests x
7. show default message if friends are 0 x
8. categories are being added globally, be sure to add it only to the current profile_id for the page
9. add pagination to friends page




. create 10 fake users A - I, then do vigourous testing

Commit message:

fixed profile_id issues with photos app

scratch.md, after:

S3 bucket name: foodiefriend-bucket

28/04
-made changes in navbar and added new template in templates for recs

-made changes in views for recs

-made changes in urls to add new recs page

==============================================================================================

todo:

==last==
-new signup auth email (last)
-change email functionality (need to send email validation)
-edit / save toggle functionality to update the forms on the front end
-add pagination to friends page
-make sure messages can be removed in message template
-outgoing messages should show in the senders messages page
==end==

==testing==
-make sure when users check each others profile, they should see only what they should see and can't do what they shouldn't (make sure they can't access stuff in the address bar of another profile)
-make sure when users check each others messages, they should see only what they should see and can't do what they shouldn't (make sure they can't access stuff in the address bar of another message profile)
-make sure when users check each others photos, they should see only what they should see and can't do what they shouldn't (make sure they can't access stuff in the address bar of another users photos)
-check if user needs to be logged in to access that resource first and then if it actually exisits - do this to make sure all 404s are handled
-==end==




git rm --cached */__pycache__/* - remove pycache from tracked files

==========================================================
today:

1. albums are being added globally, be sure to add it only to the current profile_id for the page
2. ability to remove albums with trash can




. create 10 fake users A - I, then do vigourous testing
